Reorganized install-guide (#470)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/setup/vs-editors/vs-2017.md

---

> title: Installing the Q# development environment for VS 2017 or later

Reviewer: @bettinaheim made the point earlier that the 0.9 extension will be VS2019 only, so we may want to change the title in preparation for that. My apologies for the confusion!
```suggestion
title: Installing the Q# development environment for VS 2019
```

author: cgranade
uid: microsoft.quantum.install.vs-2017
ms.author: christopher.granade@microsoft.com
ms.date: 7/31/2018
ms.topic: article
---

# Installing the Quantum Development Kit for Visual Studio #

The Quantum Development Kit can be used with Visual Studio (2017 or later), Microsoft's enterprise-grade development environment for Windows.

> Below, you will first find instructions for installing the Quantum Development Kit extension directly--follow these if you already have Visual Studio.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be more concise to simplify this section into:
Installing Visual Studio 2019 (I think people will naturally skip/skim this if they already have it installed)
Installing the extension
Validating the install
